lose the guess
Thank you, Sister Nan Nan
If I can stay in the company this time
I will definitely repay you well in the future.
Don't worry, the leader and I are both money-sucking people.
How could I have the heart for a truly powerful person like you?
Brushed down
It's over
That's it.
Just come back tomorrow to perfect some small details
You can definitely steal him in this game
Borrow you auspicious words
Go back and rest so late
Let's go
What happened to Sister Ding's design draft this time?
See for yourself
This afternoon is the costume design competition.
The leader will probably come and announce later
Who can enter the competition?
Generally everyone can participate
It depends on who is higher
I don't know if the leadership requirements are high or not
I hope I don't get fired at the company
Come, come, sit down
I said I'm a real person
Everything is based on strength alone
I can tolerate your private life
I can tolerate your luggage.
But I can't stand people with bad character
Gu Qingqing, I now officially choose you to be fired.